---
title: "CodeChef Question Attempt 01"
date: 2021-03-20
---

The day started off rather good starting at coding problem on codechef.

I had created an account on codechef almost 10 years back before I started my Master’s degree. I was below par then and attempting to work on those problems then was a rough reality I was facing. Writing a code is easy, what matters is determining the possible inputs.

I realized I had the account and figured I will start attempting the questions now.

I appreciate the learning I have had over the years and would be happy to improve each day. Suggestions and productive criticisms are always welcome. Also, hope my post will contribute to the readers learning.

The credit for crating the competitive question is purely to codechef and I recommend creating an account if you haven't already created one.

https://www.codechef.com/problems/HS08TEST


ATM
Pooja would like to withdraw X $US from an ATM. The cash machine will only accept the transaction if X is a multiple of 5, and Pooja's account balance has enough cash to perform the withdrawal transaction (including bank charges). For each successful withdrawal the bank charges 0.50 $US. Calculate Pooja's account balance after an attempted transaction.

Input
Positive integer 0 < X <= 2000 - the amount of cash which Pooja wishes to withdraw.

Nonnegative number 0<= Y <= 2000 with two digits of precision - Pooja's initial account balance.

Output
Output the account balance after the attempted transaction, given as a number with two digits of precision. If there is not enough money in the account to complete the transaction, output the current bank balance.

Example - Successful Transaction
Input:
30 120.00

Output:
89.50
Example - Incorrect Withdrawal Amount (not multiple of 5)
Input:
42 120.00

Output:
120.00
Example - Insufficient Funds
Input:
300 120.00

Output:
120.00

Solution:

URL to solution : https://www.codechef.com/viewsolution/43912909

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <iomanip>
using namespace std;

int main() {
	// your code goes here
	float withdrawal_amount;
	float balance;
	cin >> withdrawal_amount >> balance;
	if (!((int)withdrawal_amount % 5 == 0) && (withdrawal_amount > 0))
	{
	    cout << std::fixed;
        cout << std::setprecision(2);
	    cout << balance;
	}
	else
	{
	    if(withdrawal_amount > (balance - 0.50) )
	    {
	        cout << std::fixed;
            cout << std::setprecision(2);
	        cout << balance;
	    }
	    else
	    {
	        balance = ( (balance - (int)withdrawal_amount) - 0.50);
	        cout << std::fixed;
            cout << std::setprecision(2);
	        cout << balance;
	    }
	}
	return 0;
}
```
